Update bootstrap documentation (#673)
digital-asset/docs.daml.com: docs/2.9.0/docs/canton/usermanual/manage_participants.rst

..
   Copyright (c) 2023 Digital Asset (Switzerland) GmbH and/or its affiliates.
..
   Proprietary code. All rights reserved.

Manage Participants
===================

.. _participant_bootstrapping:

Manual vs Automatic Initialization
----------------------------------

Similarly to a domain, a participant node can either be initialized automatically, the default behaviour,
or manually. Managing the initialization manually is particularly useful when a participant

> does not control its own identity, when we do not want to store its identity key on the node for security

Author: Well can we store the identity key in another place and still have `auto-init = true`?

or manually. Managing the initialization manually is particularly useful when a participant:

1. Does not control its own identity;
2. When you do not want to store its identity key on the node for security reasons;
3. When you want to set a participant's keys by yourself.

If you want to disable the automatic initialization of a participant node you have to set:

.. code-block:: none

    participant.init.auto-init = false

Keys Initialization
-------------------

Besides a namespace key and a signing key a participant node also has an asymmetric encryption key that it
uses to decrypt encrypted transactions. Key are created automatically, however, if you are manually setting up your
participant node you must use the following commands to generate your signing keys (for namespace and signing)
and the encryption key:

.. literalinclude:: /canton/includes/mirrored/enterprise/app/src/test/scala/com/digitalasset/canton/integration/tests/topology/TopologyManagementHelper.scala
   :language: scala
   :start-after: architecture-handbook-entry-begin: ManualInitKeys
   :end-before: architecture-handbook-entry-end: ManualInitKeys
   :dedent:

> We reiterate again the fact that if you are using a Key Management Service (KMS) to handle Canton's keys

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using a Key Management Service (KMS) to handle Canton's keys
```

.. _participant_bootstrapping:

Manual vs Automatic Identity Initialization
-------------------------------------------

Similarly to a domain, a participant node can either be initialized automatically, the default behaviour,
or manually. Managing the initialization manually is particularly useful when a participant:

1. Does not control its own identity;

> 2. When we do not want to store its identity key on the node for security reasons;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. When you do not want to store its identity key on the node for security reasons;
```
According to the style guide, using "we" and "one" as subjects is discouraged. Instead, "you" should be used.

> 2. When we do not want to store its identity key on the node for security reasons;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. When you do not want to store its identity key on the node for security reasons;
```
According to the style guide, using "we" and "one" as subjects is discouraged. Instead, "you" should be used.

> 3. When we want to set a participant's keys by ourselves.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. When you want to set a participant's keys by yourself.
```
